Walkthroughs implementation (#1698)
Microsoft/vscode-react-native: resources/walkthougths/setup-env-common.md

# Getting started

> Before going any further, please review the following information to help you successfully work with React Native Tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before going any further, please check out the following information to help you get started with React Native Tools successfully.
```

Make sure that you:

- [have a working React Native environment](https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup).

> - have the [`emulator`](https://developer.android.com/studio/run/emulator-commandline) utility available in your `PATH` if you're developing Android applications using emulators

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- have the [`emulator`](https://developer.android.com/studio/run/emulator-commandline) utility available in your `PATH` if you're developing Android applications using emulators.
```
